Update busy on busy description for calling policy (#9765)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/teams-calling-policy.md

### Busy on busy when in a call

Busy on busy when in a call (also called "busy options") lets you configure how incoming calls are handled when a user is already in a call or conference or has a call placed on hold. New or incoming calls can be rejected with a busy signal or can be routed accordingly to the user's unanswered settings. Regardless of how their busy options are configured, users in a call or conference or those with a call on hold are not prevented from initiating new calls or conferences. This setting is set to **Not enabled** by default.

- **Not enabled** No busy option is enabled and new or incoming calls can still go to the user while the user is already in a call.
- **Enabled** New or incoming calls will be rejected with a busy signal.
- **Unanswered** The user's unanswered settings will be used, such as routing to voicemail or forwarding to another user.

> - **User controlled** Users can determine whether their busy options choice from Calls settings in Teams app. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **User controlled** Users can determine their busy options choice from call settings in the Teams app. 
```
